docs: expand sidenav documentation to include child element pages (#1549)
adobe/spectrum-web-components: packages/sidenav/README.md

maintains clear, persistent visibility. Use side navigation within the context
of larger elements and mechanisms within the app frame.

> `<sp-sidenav>` elements accept both `<sp-sidenav-item>` and `<sp-sidenv-heading>` elements as children in order to costruct a higherarchy of navigations elements. [`<sp-sidenav-item>`](./components/sidenav-item) elements will place themselves as a togglable child of their `<sp-sidenav>` element parent. `<sp-sidenav-heading>` elements will grat visible structure by grouping their child `<sp-sidenav-item>` children under a non-interactive heading.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`<sp-sidenav>` elements accept both `<sp-sidenav-item>` and `<sp-sidenav-heading>` elements as children in order to construct a hierarchy of navigations elements. [`<sp-sidenav-item>`](./components/sidenav-item) elements will place themselves as a togglable child of their `<sp-sidenav>` element parent. `<sp-sidenav-heading>` elements will create visible structure by grouping their child `<sp-sidenav-item>` children under a non-interactive heading.
```

> `<sp-sidenav>` elements accept both `<sp-sidenav-item>` and `<sp-sidenv-heading>` elements as children in order to costruct a higherarchy of navigations elements. [`<sp-sidenav-item>`](./components/sidenav-item) elements will place themselves as a togglable child of their `<sp-sidenav>` element parent. `<sp-sidenav-heading>` elements will grat visible structure by grouping their child `<sp-sidenav-item>` children under a non-interactive heading.

Reviewer 2: Typos: 
*higherarchy --> hierarchy 
*togglable --> toggleable 
* grat --> grant 
* double use of "child" and "children"

> `<sp-sidenav>` elements accept both `<sp-sidenav-item>` and `<sp-sidenav-heading>` elements as children in order to construct a hierarchy of navigations elements. [`<sp-sidenav-item>`](./components/sidenav-item) elements will place themselves as a togglable child of their `<sp-sidenav>` element parent. `<sp-sidenav-heading>` elements will create visible structure by grouping their child `<sp-sidenav-item>` children under a non-interactive heading.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`<sp-sidenav>` elements accept both `<sp-sidenav-item>` and `<sp-sidenav-heading>` elements as children in order to construct a hierarchy of navigation elements. [`<sp-sidenav-item>`](./components/sidenav-item) elements will place themselves as a togglable child of their `<sp-sidenav>` element parent. `<sp-sidenav-heading>` elements will create visible structure by grouping their child `<sp-sidenav-item>` children under a non-interactive heading.
```
